[TASK] Note about automatic nonce inclusion for inline scripts/styles (#4494)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/ContentSecurityPolicy/Index.rst

The nonce is applied automatically, when scripts or styles are defined with the
TYPO3 API, like TypoScript (:typoscript:`page.includeJS`, etc.) or the
:ref:`asset collector <assets>`. This only refers to referenced files
(via :html:`src` and :html:`href` attributes) and not inline scripts

> or stylesheets. For those, you should either use the PHP/Fluid approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or inline styles. For those, you should either use the PHP/Fluid approach
```

> as listed below, or use TypoScript only for passing DOM attributes

Reviewer: I assume with "DOM attributes" you mean "data-" attributes?

Author: It doesn't necessarily mean "data-" attributes, depending on what someone wants to achieve they might use normal attributes i.e. to meta tags or so. So I wanted to be broader with that.

But if you feel better about writing "data-" here I can agree, please feel free to commit that suggestion directly :) Thanks!

Author: Would you have time/motivation to work on this? Else I think it's an improvement over the current situation and we would need fine-tuning in a follow-up...?

Reviewer 2: I would vote for merging it like this, when someone has time he can make a follow up

Author: Ok, will merge for now and see if maybe this creates additional feedback later, thanks!
